Add a framework level component leveraging Actions (#27593)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/actions/CombineComponentsMeshes.md

# CombineComponentsMeshes

This [Action.md] serves to combine the meshes of each component into a final simulation mesh.
The mesh from the `[Mesh]` block is combined with the components' meshes as well.

!alert warning
The components' meshes are currently combined with a [CombinerGenerator.md]. This means the
mesh is not stitched at the interfaces. The user must specify the connection between components

> using either [boundary conditions](syntax/BCs/index.md) or dedicated [UserObjects](UserObjects/index.md).

Author: since the meshes are not stitiched, interface kernels wont work. it has to be BCs or mortar-like treatment

> using either [boundary conditions](syntax/BCs/index.md) or dedicated [UserObjects](UserObjects/index.md).

Author: ```suggestion
using interface conditions. These can for example be set with [boundary conditions](syntax/BCs/index.md) or dedicated [UserObjects](UserObjects/index.md).
```
